feat: Add support for Canvas Kit Labs modules (#175)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/_labs/README.md

# Canvas Kit Labs

> This is a group of unstable/work in progress components. Canvas Kit Labs is an incubator for new and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a group of unstable/work-in-progress components. Canvas Kit Labs is an incubator for new and
```

experimental components. Since we have a rather rigorous process for getting components in at a
production level, it can be valuable to make them available earlier while we continuously iterate on
the API/functionality. The Labs modules allow us to do that as needed.

## Breaking Changes

Due to the nature of this bundle of components, we will be continuously iterating, likely making

> breaking changes. The goal of these module is to work unconstrained by our design system's semantic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
breaking changes. The goal of this module is to work unconstrained by our design system's semantic
```

versioning. This means that **breaking changes can be deployed to Labs modules at any time and it
will not trigger a major version bump across our other modules**. Regardless of the fact that we use
a fixed version number for all components, all changes/additions in this bundle will never result in
a major version bump across our component library.

> **By consuming any of these modules, you are indicating that you are prepared for the consequences

Reviewer: I think the wording sounds a bit harsh. What about a lighter tone?

```suggestion
**By consuming any of these modules, you acknowledge the potential complexity
```

2. When asked `Is this an unstable component? [Y/n]`, enter `y` or `Y`.
3. Your new module will be generated in accordance with the file structure above. It will get a
   package name of `@workday/canvas-kit-labs-<TARGET>-<COMPONENT>`.

## Migrating a Component into Canvas Kit Labs

1. Copy it into the above module structure
2. Change the package name in `package.json` to `@workday/canvas-kit-labs-<TARGET>-<COMPONENT>`
3. Add a warning to the README:
   > <a href="https://github.com/Workday/canvas-kit/tree/master/modules/_labs/README.md">
   >   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LABS-alpha-orange" alt="LABS: Alpha" />
   > </a>  This component is work in progress and currently in pre-release.
4. Update any necessary paths (links to storybook utils, tsconfig, etc.)
5. Change the storybook path to add a `Labs` prefix (e.g. `Labs/Menu/Default`)

## Promoting a Component out of Canvas Kit Labs

1. Move the module folder from `modules/_labs` to `modules/`
2. Rename the package in `package.json` to `@workday/canvas-kit-labs-<TARGET>-<COMPONENT>` (remove
   `labs-`)
3. Remove the warning from the README
4. Update any necessary paths (links to storybook utils, tsconfig, etc.)

> 

Reviewer: We should add a reminder about deprecating the labs package.
```suggestion
5. Open an issue to have the `labs` component deprecated in npm.
```
